[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So I will orient you to
the exercise, what you wanna do, and again
as a reminder both for you here in person
as well as for you listening in online.
If you only have one copy of that
exercises folder, before you start
modifying things, I recommend just making
a separate copy of your exercises folder.
That way at some later date,
you can go back to a pristine copy of
these exercises and try your hand at them.
But, we're gonna open up,
I got to go to day one.
We're going to go the exercises folder.
Go to Ex 1.
You can open up the readme file and
the JS file.
All right.
[COUGH]
The readme is gonna explain what
you need to do, but also you're gonna
come over here to your browser and
open up ex1.html which is
gonna load your ex1.js.
And you're immediately gonna get an error
on the very first line of your program.
That's on purpose.
Okay?
So, what this says is,
it wants you to fix the code so
that our program will correctly print
out the full alphabet A through Z.
That's what the program's designed to do.
Right now, our error's out.
We've got to fix those errors.
This is asking you to take what
you've learned about scoping,
about hoisting, about IIFEs and
all that other stuff.
Put all that stuff together into
a way to solve the problem.
Now, I have constrained your
ability to solve this problem.
You are not allowed to
just put console.log a,
console.log b in a program to solve it.
So I've constrained your solution.
You cannot have any
global variables at all.
If you look at the file,
you'll see everything's global.
So first thing you're gonna have to solve
is that you have to stop having any global
variables at all.
The second thing is that
you cannot delete or
combine any of the existing
function declarations.
You have to leave the function
declarations or whatever as they are.
You can't delete or combine them.
You cannot create any new functions,
except there's an exception,
that you can create IIFEs.
And that's a big hint, cuz you're
gonna need to create some IIFEs.
And you cannot rearrange the order
of any of the declarations.
You have to use what you know about the
way hoisting works to solve your problems.
The things that you can
explicitly do is you can declare
extra variable as long
as their not global.
You can modify a function declaration and
turn it from a declaration
into an expression.
or from an expression into a declaration,
and you'll probably need to do that.
You can add or remove various statements
or expressions, like the returns, or
IIFEs, or parameters.
And the explicit answer here
is you wanna search for
making the fewest changes possible.
This does not call for you to change
every line of this entire program.
To solve the problem.
So go through it one at a time.
Try to constrain yourself to these rules,
and
see if you can get it to print out,
a through z.
I will walk you through an answer to
this in a few minutes right before we
take our lunch break.